style fixes (#8667)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/circleci-config-sdk.adoc

[#install-the-sdk]
== Install the SDK

> Install the CircleCI Config SDK witnpm or Yarn, and include it in your project via Node.js or the browser.

Reviewer: Typo?

> Install the CircleCI Config SDK witnpm or Yarn, and include it in your project via Node.js or the browser.

Author: ```suggestion
Install the CircleCI Config SDK with npm or Yarn, and include it in your project via Node.js or the browser.
```

> Install the CircleCI Config SDK witnpm or Yarn, and include it in your project via Node.js or the browser.

Author: ```suggestion
Install the CircleCI Config SDK with npm or Yarn, and include it in your project via Node.js or the browser.
```
